# Journal
**This journal will serve as a record of my progress, allowing me to continually update and document my journey. Within its pages, I will document my accomplishments, such as doing CTF challenges, completing educational videos, etc. By consistently updating my process, I can track my growth, reflect on my achievements, and hopefully it will be a motivation or an example as a path to follow to those who are getting into this exciting field.**

## 24/05/2023
Completed [Beginner picoMini 2022](https://play.picoctf.org/practice?originalEvent=69&page=1&search=), there was 13 challanges. Gained a good amount of tips and some knowledge about python programming, error solving, hash/password cracking, etc. Due to my previous experiences in CTFs, Cyber Security, programming that I gained before actually deciding to document my process and start this project, [Beginner picoMini 2022](https://play.picoctf.org/practice?originalEvent=69&page=1&search=) was not that challenging. Also wrote a small code in python to [md5 hash text](/Codes/Python/md5_hash.py). 

## 28/05/2023 & 29/05/2023
During these 4 days I made researches and gained valuable amont of knowledge about binary exploitation, reverse engineering, buffer overflow, etc. And within these 2 days I was struggling with 2 CTFs of [picoGYM Exclusive - Binary Exploitation](https://play.picoctf.org/practice?category=6&originalEvent=gym&page=1) "Local Target" & "Picker-IV". For Local Target it took a while to understand but after following the instructions and understanding the concept I got it. Now about Picker-IV, I really had to struggle quite some time to figure out what to do. The code it self was running on the server, additionally we can dowload the source code and a binary file. After playing around with the inputs, checking the source code etc. I was lost because I didn't know what to do with the binary file. So I did some research then found out that I had to disassemble the binary file to get the necessary information.I used "objdump" and with its default syntax "objdump -d <binary_file_name>".
